README.md, before:

# Smart-Library-Management-System

A simple Python-based library management system with a Tkinter GUI that lets users add, borrow, return, search and display books and register themselves as a teacher or student with different borrow limits. Built for beginners learning file handling, error handling and OOP.

## Table of Contents

- [Features](#features)
- [Installation](#installation)
- [Usage](#usage)
- [Project Structure](#project-structure)

## Features

- Add, search, display, borrow and return books
- Register yourself as a student or teacher
- Track due dates
- Save and load data from files
- Clean, user-friendly GUI built with Tkinter

## Installation

1. Clone the repository:

   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/Headyhadia/Smart-Library-Management-System
   cd library-system

   ```

2. python gui.py

## Usage

- Launch the app.
- Do all the operations using their buttons on main menu

## Project Structure

📁 Smart-library-Management-system
├── classes.py
├── main.py
├── gui.py
├── books.txt
├── users.txt
└── transactions.txt
└── README.md

Commit message:

Add Project Demo section to README
Added a demo section with a link to the project video.

README.md, after:

# Smart-Library-Management-System

A simple Python-based library management system with a Tkinter GUI that lets users add, borrow, return, search and display books and register themselves as a teacher or student with different borrow limits. Built for beginners learning file handling, error handling and OOP.

## Table of Contents

- [Features](#features)
- [Installation](#installation)
- [Usage](#usage)
- [Project Demo](#project-demo)
- [Project Structure](#project-structure)

## Features

- Add, search, display, borrow and return books
- Register yourself as a student or teacher
- Track due dates
- Save and load data from files
- Clean, user-friendly GUI built with Tkinter

## Installation

1. Clone the repository:

   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/Headyhadia/Smart-Library-Management-System
   cd library-system

   ```

2. python gui.py

## Usage

- Launch the app.
- Do all the operations using their buttons on main menu

## Project Demo
You can watch the demo video here: [Watch on Google Drive](https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1eGUcBvDvdti5ZYa2Jh71J3x1fPECB5ID?usp=sharing)

*(If the link doesn’t open directly, please copy and paste it into your browser.)*


## Project Structure

📁 Smart-library-Management-system
├── classes.py
├── main.py
├── gui.py
├── books.txt
├── users.txt
└── transactions.txt
└── README.md
